Really? What kind of blind bastard bothered me, it hurts me so much!
Mr. Shen! Mr. Shen!
I'm kidding this little celestial being!
Hahahaha! She is so handsome!
She raises me high! I rely on you!
Hurry up! Mr. Shen!
You mean my fiancée is cheating on me!
I support you! Right!
It's your fiancée!
Mr. Shen! I was wrong!
Sorry, sorry! My fiancée!
My fiancée! I really didn’t know she was your fiancée!
Lend me ten, so I don’t dare to let anyone do it
It doesn't exist in Chinese at all
His cooperation has caused a lot of harm to others.
It’s the first time for me to betray Master Tian’s account.
others me others me others
Who does it? Someone else. Am I okay?
Master Sun led the assistant manager to discover the announcement
What city has the whole bank gone crazy?